[Cartoon (feat. Daniel Levi)]
Hold me close 'til I get up
Time is barely on our side
I don't wanna waste what's left
The storms we chase are leading us
And love is all we'll ever trust, yeah
No, I don't want no rest
Echoing around these walls
Fighting to create a song
I don't wanna miss a beat
And on and on we'll go
Through the wastelands, through the highways
To my shadow, through the sunrays
And on and on we'll go
Through the wastelands, through the highways
And we'll grow in number
Fueled by thunder, see the horizon
Turn us to thousands
And we'll grow in number
Fueled by thunder, see the horizon
Turn us to thousands
And on and on we'll go
Through the wastelands, through the highways
To my shadow, through the sunrays
And on and on we'll go
Through the wastelands, through the highways